dungeon brawler 2

level layouts
	structured level layouts - several rooms then boss, get item, next floor
	enemies come from edges kinda like vampire survivors - swarm floors - monster house!
		big text flashes up on screen when this happens
		what other events like this can we add?
	enemies come from entrances of unexplored areas
	some levels have rooms or snaking pathways connecting the entrances

diff chars to choose from with diff attacks, stats, & supers
	--hold a+d or left+right to charge up & use super ability
		/big text or some kind of cool animation when this happens
	--ctrls for wasd, ijkl, arrow keys, & mouse
		--gamepad controls?
		support for numpad controls - 8456
	char ideas
		space
			spaceship pilot with laser gun
			slow firing but powerful railgun char
				maybe this is just ult for pilot?
			robot
			alien

starting room
	start out as spark/ghost & choose char from lineup
		ghosts start out in holding area
			can be moved to use as ai area?
			must stand in ready to start area to be added to the game
				if any players are moving outside this area it won't start until they either stop or enter area
	target dummies to test your attacks on
	button to add/remove ai chars
		hold buttons for a sec to take control of ai, it takes ctrl back after 2s idle?

choose from selection of items after beating boss
	walk over one to pick it up & see desc, can swap out with others by walking over
		them & prev held one goes back to orig pos - go to exit to apply
	sometimes you get secret but powerful item (u dont know what it is until u equip)
	spawn 1 treasure chest for each player that has to be opened to reveal item

items
	how do we make fun & simple synergies with these?
		events - shoot bullet, deal dmg, take dmg, kill enemy, die, hit wall with bullet,
			hit nothing with bullet, pierce through x enemies
		modifiers - bullets bounce, seeking bullets, bullet piercing, knockback

can choose diff areas at the start - sets enemies, bosses, environment hazards, & even items
enemies appear differently in diff areas - castle = rise up from ground, space station = warp in, etc
	demon lord castle
		--skeleton & vampire enemies
		minibosses - each have flavor text like gyoubu from sekirou
		loot rooms to get items in?
			diff rarities - common = +1 armor or dmg, rare = spawn more bullets, etc
				-> golden chest is higher tier loot
	space station
		spider enemies
		laser beams & such
		bullet hell level where all the players are shooting up at the boss & dodging bullet hell bullets
	undersea
	graveyard
	forest
		elves, wolves, mushroom, tree, & other forest related enemies


--sometimes big versions of regular enemies spawn with scaled sprite, more hp, slower spd, & diff bullet patterns
--show hearts when player takes dmg/heals
	/also show when standing still?
	/hearts break up into 1/4s to display hp?
		--or maybe act like hp bar where it empties a pixel at a time
indicator to show when ult's ready?
	burst of aoe particles when it becomes ready, constant stream while it's ready
	or maybe a little 1px blue bar above/below/to the side that fills up when ready?
		& disappears when full
custom font drawing system with 3x5 font
	define rect for it to be drawn in
--ghost ult can spawn little health bauble for living players
	--health bauble can't be picked up if at full hp
--particles for enemy hit
bosses with cool bullet hell patterns
	bullet patterns that make the players play together
		spinny attacks to make them move together, tight shotguns in each dir so they group
daily challenge - randomly generated levels of all the areas & enemies, using date as seed
--lancer - have min charge on spear, just won't fire unless it's charged enough - like enough for 0.5 dmg
difficulty option before starting - easy = more player hp, enemy shot timers made longer, etc

---misc ideas---
enemy idea - summoner that spawns enemies until defeated
animated background art items like flag from rotmg pirate cave
different modes - multiplayer, dungeon speedrun, vampire survivors, etc
	speedrun - dungeon rush mode
		maybe items you have to pick up along the way? like each dungeon has quests like deep rock
			step on all the pressure plates, collect all the crystals, break all the enemy hives, etc
	vampire survivors - dungeon swarm mode
	db2 dungeon diner spinoff - serve food to dungeon customers
	make these as diff games? like db2.1 & 2.2, etc
	tower defense?
	strategy game?
	idle game
ghosts have diff color/accessory to differentiate which character they are - hat/feather, etc
once you beat the game it displays you win text, then goes to ng+ - enemies have more hp & dmg
path & bridges on orchard level might need to be 2x2 cuz sometimes they're really hard to walk over
orchard area enemy wave design

things that need sprites
	cabbage roller enemy
	growing pumpkin - entity & boss - just 1 sprite that grows over time
	target dummy
		maybe they have a little ouch animation for when they take damage
	tiles for dummy area in char select area